>> Mike North: Thankfully, we're not going
to get into server-side rendering for
an exercise.
It is not a small project.
There's really no way to do it,
at least with React, in 30 minutes, but
we're going to do our enhanced
client-side rendering.
So here's what I want us to do,
in index type EJS in the body, I want
us to have something that has the nav bar
or the menu bar at the top and the footer.
And you may just strip away everything
that looks like it's URL specific.
So you might see on the root of the app,
you might see something with a class
called home, that's home specific content.
So if you just looked at the home or
the route URL of the app and
delete that home dev and
everything inside it, you'll be left with
basically all of the URL agnostic UI.
And optionally,
you can go to the site spinkit,
which is, these are some
great CSS only spinners, and
you can wire that up and put that in
place of where that home used to be.
So we have a nice little
spinner while we wait for
the client side stuff to download.
Lastly, because I'm only gonna
give you about ten minutes for
this, I wanna show you how you
can really easily grab HTML here.
So I've got my elements tab here.
I'm gonna click on.
I heard that Steve, you were thinking it.
So if I right click on this, I can see
that there's an edit as HTML option.
And what we end up with
is a nice big text area.
So you can copy this.
Maybe Google for HTML beautifier or
something like that to sort
out this jumbled thing.
But it should be a good indication
of what you want there.
Make sure it's only stuff that is inside.
It should really be the root element, so
that you don't add in extra script tags or
anything like that.
But everything inside root should work,
and this is that home thing, so
you basically delete that.
Grab what's in root,
>> Mike North: And
you should be pretty much good to go.
All right, so ten minutes for this.
And I do want you to look at
the Performance tab here.
And have the Performance tab open,
reload, and you'll see that snapshot,
like the film strip of images look
much better than it did before.
You should get below two seconds.